Donita McClintic: Hi.
Richelle Direny: Myself.
Richelle Direny: Oh, she
Richelle Direny: She forgot about the session and then
Richelle Direny: For whatever reason, oh my phone rang and I looked down and I saw. Oh, she did check it.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because I didn't
Richelle Direny: Get a response. I was on. Oh, okay.
Donita McClintic: Oh, I hate it. I, well you know what, I didn't do that till this morning have replied to your reminder
Richelle Direny: No, you're fine. You're fine. That's good. That's, um, that's, that's fine. It was just because I know like you've been very consistent in coming for your appointment. So that's, I was just like, Oh, she didn't check it. And so then I said, oh, maybe, you know, given that HOW WAS YOUR MOTHER'S DAY.
Donita McClintic: It was good. As I'm tired.
Donita McClintic: Is a long weekend.
Donita McClintic: All my sisters. We took pictures with my mom. Um, I think, like all five of us girls with my mom. We haven't done that for like three years. So we updated a picture.
Donita McClintic: But
Donita McClintic: I'm just tired. I'm more out
Donita McClintic: Because I stay there. So I get to help
Donita McClintic: Clean up and all that stuff.
Richelle Direny: Oh that's right because you're with your mom, your with your. How was it for giving that all of you guys.
Donita McClintic: She loved it. We my niece, got her a big lighthouse. She likes lighthouses and it was a $500 Lighthouse like it's big. I got one. A few years ago that was it's a smaller one. I forget what. How many feet. It is but Bailey garter the six foot one and
Donita McClintic: She was surprised when we surprised her with it. So it was a good Mother's Day.
Donita McClintic: HOW WAS YOUR MOTHER'S DAY.
Richelle Direny: And it was good. It was good. It was raining. It was very literally all day long.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, pouring down rain.
Richelle Direny: Here. Yeah. It wasn't POURING DOWN RAIN. It was like drizzly but over Catholics, a whole day.
Richelle Direny: went on for all day, no matter where I went. It was the same was like it rained on Florida all day yesterday.
Donita McClintic: Is what I felt. Well, yeah. Well, it's stillness today.
Donita McClintic: Called theory, it's really cold here today.
Donita McClintic: Oh, especially like a high 50
Richelle Direny: You know what, that's
Richelle Direny: It's funny because
Richelle Direny: I was talking to my brother. He lives in
Richelle Direny: Was it him. I think in Louisiana. What I think it was him who said that it was very cold there, but it seems like the weather.
Richelle Direny: No, no, he just said it was really it was the sun was out and it was beautiful. But whoever I had spoken to his said like the weather. It was really cold, but it just seems like the weather is a little bit more
Richelle Direny: Than usual i mean i don't know in those states that it gets it's cold.
Richelle Direny: I don't know how it is this time of year, but I know here. It's kind of like there were some days even in the past weeks where the evenings was really cool and nice and typically it's not like that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah we coming out of spring.
Richelle Direny: And summer because we're getting ready to go into some
Donita McClintic: Right well here in Ohio kind of feels like we're going out of winter going to be going into summer like our spring keeps going back and forth. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, like what winter day
Richelle Direny: Yes, that's what that's what my brother who was I spoke with my mother. And she said,
Richelle Direny: Where she was like in upstate New York, and there were different places that were. It was actually smoke. She said there in the city.
Richelle Direny: It like yeah the snow would come down, but by the time it hit the floor, it would melt.
Donita McClintic: But she said her further right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it was like they had snow on the ground. It was like a lot of snow on the ground so she was like it was really cold.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Donita McClintic: It's crazy for me.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yeah, which again like I've never lived in, you know, in a cold state. I've always lived in Florida, so
Donita McClintic: It. Well, you're lucky.
Richelle Direny: And you know here.
Richelle Direny: Robbing
Richelle Direny: And you know here. It's always like really
Richelle Direny: So whatever it whenever it gets like 60 like we're all going for the win rate the bubble jackets in the boots and the gloves. I
Know, that's funny.
Richelle Direny: says, oh, we don't ever see here people's wearing shorts.
Richelle Direny: I know, I know. And so
Richelle Direny: If people come
Richelle Direny: Year, we're not used to that weather so
Richelle Direny: I mean I wouldn't really say we had much of a winter.
Richelle Direny: If we do have two or three consistent days of cold day, it's like we're all excited. Yeah, but it's not like very we get calls. I personally say they're cold snaps that we get maybe different parts of the state.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: They're a little colder and I think like last year, I want to say if it wasn't last year was the year before, like in Tallahassee
Richelle Direny: That's where it was. I think I want to say they had snow. Calm down. It was like I had gotten that. So, BUT I GUESS YOU'RE GOING CLOSER like the further up in the state you go
Donita McClintic: LIKE GOING CLOSER TO GA. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Here it will be a little colder than south, south Florida like where
Richelle Direny: We're at yeah
Richelle Direny: Look at the United States.
Further, yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Southern most
Richelle Direny: Of the map. I live in the end of the United States.
Now,
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Does Dr. Jamison live close to you. I know she's a Florida but
Richelle Direny: Are you guys close. Oh, she's, she's like four hours. She's like four hours away where she is. It's four hours away.
Donita McClintic: So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's not. She's not down in this
Richelle Direny: Trip hours away right have to go
Richelle Direny: Raw, like if I went, I would have to go way out west. I'm all the way east, I'm good. I'm cold. I'm close to the beach.
Right.
Richelle Direny: I've been she right that are
Donita McClintic: Cool. Well, that's better.
Richelle Direny: I yeah I mean I'm in like off of the Atlantic Ocean. She's, I think, is I would be considered the Gulf of Mexico, where she is.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, okay.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Yes, but it was good. You know, it was nice, you know, whether you spend time with your children. I've spent it with your mother.
Donita McClintic: And I'm sure she is yeah I all of them, all of us.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, there's all of us.
Richelle Direny: That's how did it feel for you.
Richelle Direny: I mean around with your mother, but with your sisters because if you're saying it's five years since you guys are all together.
Um,
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I kind of redrew myself a little bit, just because there's so much chaos so much noise because
Donita McClintic: There's five of us girls. Then you put their people with them. And then there's like 20 some grandkids it in it. I can't it just drives me nuts. So I kind of like step back for a little bit by myself.
Donita McClintic: And watch TV with Kayla Like I played with Kayla with my niece, but my, my cousin, I should call her my sister, my mom's raising her. But yeah, so I just say back and played with her this medicine is so disgusting.
Donita McClintic: That strips.
Donita McClintic: It and it's disgusting and
Donita McClintic: I just know him taking my Suboxone it's, it's got to dissolve under metallic it's
Donita McClintic: It's gross.
Richelle Direny: So why don't you do you weren't doing
Donita McClintic: My pharmacy changed the strip
Donita McClintic: I was, but they take so long to dissolve it. I mean, I had a quarter of a pill under my mouth. One time for almost a half an hour.
Donita McClintic: I couldn't do it. Yeah, I couldn't do the pill. So she switched me to the films and they go, they dissolve a whole lot quicker but there's so
Donita McClintic: All of this nasty, it's all, it's all sick, but
Donita McClintic: I but I'm not sick so
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: So I do it every morning.
Donita McClintic: But they just the pharmacy switch to like a generic kind of something and they're not. I could tell a difference in them. I could definitely tell the difference in them day like I'll start to kind of have withdrawal symptoms. I was like, oh no, they need to switch them back.
Donita McClintic: It's the pharmacy is not the doctor, you would
Donita McClintic: Get like they'll get a cheaper.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, they get
Donita McClintic: X THE SAME milligram and stuff. I just think it's someone different that's making them like the pharmacy order to cheaper batch or something, I don't know.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: Like, I see you
Donita McClintic: Tell my mom feels like
Donita McClintic: Yeah I know I gotta get to taste in my mouth.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, it's, it's, but it's gone now. It's all the way. Go on.
Donita McClintic: So now I'm good.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: I don't know how people would like to snore a pale, you gotta have that drain.
Donita McClintic: Not me.
Donita McClintic: Know, I would take them.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, but
Donita McClintic: Tomorrow I go to the dentist and I'm nervous.
Richelle Direny: Oh, what are you getting
Donita McClintic: Well there. I'm going to supposedly a cleaning, but they're going to make set up an appointment to pull on my teeth so I could get fake teeth.
Richelle Direny: Um, what kind of what kind of know
Donita McClintic: I have a delay, don't I
Donita McClintic: Don't have a delay.
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: It's these beats earbuds I did it last time.
Donita McClintic: I'll have another pair. So I had to wear them, but I know, I know you can. Yeah, it's weird.
Richelle Direny: Hey, try this disconnect, are you, are you the only one.
Richelle Direny: Where you are right now anyway alright disconnect, because the I have to wait.
Richelle Direny: Because I have. Yeah, I get you. You talking and then I hear it afterwards.
Okay.
Donita McClintic: Okay. Is that better.
Richelle Direny: Oh, yes.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I don't know what it is. What do they do. They done that before when I had a pair of them.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: There was, I noticed that after a while that there
Richelle Direny: Was a delay.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, that's what I thought.
Donita McClintic: I tried
Richelle Direny: How did you figure out there was a delay.
Donita McClintic: Because it was taking your second to respond to me. And it wasn't it's not been like that at all.
Donita McClintic: I had mine.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: So I was like to be a delay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: I don't forget tomorrow. It's probably just supposed to be like a cleaning and do X rays and then they'll still be up an appointment to get them pulled and then I'll have fake ones.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: So are you. Hi, this is not the ones are going to get
Donita McClintic: Yes, but I'm nervous. Like, I feel sick to my stomach because my nerve like I'm terrified of a dentist.
Donita McClintic: But what about what is it
Richelle Direny: What is it for you. This
Richelle Direny: theory about the
Donita McClintic: experiences I've had before with them.
Richelle Direny: Is like
Richelle Direny: You're going to
Donita McClintic: Yep. And it takes a lot to know me like they have to do it a couple times. I've had one, it would be no man went away for like two hours and came back and put it in it. Yeah, so well. He waited too long, but I'm just scared. I just don't like it at all.
Richelle Direny: So I think, you know, just being upfront and honest about, you know, the experience
Richelle Direny: With the dentist. I think because, I mean,
Richelle Direny: I'm not gonna sit here and make it seem nice. I don't
Richelle Direny: Either
Richelle Direny: But I know I have to go.
Richelle Direny: I really tried here.
Richelle Direny: And when they have this big ridiculous needle that
Richelle Direny: They pulling you're putting your gum to numb it and then they're sitting there doing the shaking thing like you can't feel
Richelle Direny: The pinch of the needle. Oh, we got
Richelle Direny: To doing I still feel it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, but then
Richelle Direny: You know your
Richelle Direny: Your whole mouth and sometimes depending on the
Richelle Direny: Person, sometimes it takes to have those shots.
Richelle Direny: And then you're too numb and then take forever for to come back. The feeling comes
Richelle Direny: Back. Yeah. So I would say just just be upfront and honest, um, I was wondering if like part of outside of the scariness of
Richelle Direny: Pulling in the past experiences.
Richelle Direny: Is it just like the anticipation of what everything is going to look like afterwards.
Richelle Direny: Because like you said like
Richelle Direny: Your mouth. It's like your teeth and everything is one way now.
Richelle Direny: To the end and
Richelle Direny: The whole idea or concept.
Richelle Direny: Of removing all of it and then having to put new ones in it's like the anticipation of it.
Donita McClintic: All yeah yeah I'm excited. And I'm nervous. And I'm scared. All
Donita McClintic: About everything
Richelle Direny: At one time, I, I got you, because it's like it's the what you look like. Now the process.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and then the end result. And then you're thinking in your head. I want to have
Richelle Direny: A look like, what is it gonna be like all of this different stuff.
Richelle Direny: So it's the right now and then it's the
Richelle Direny: Process and the process is a little bit more scarier like
Donita McClintic: Um, there was
Richelle Direny: One guy who
Donita McClintic: I think he had to have surgery on
Donita McClintic: His hand and he never, you know, been put to sleep before
Richelle Direny: He ever
Donita McClintic: Until I said to him, I was like, listen, it's not as bad as your
Richelle Direny: Your mind is making because your mind, load up like a balloon and so
Richelle Direny: You're thinking about all these crazy things.
Richelle Direny: And I said, so then afterwards, I said, So how was it was like, oh,
Richelle Direny: After they put me to sleep and they won't be up I was
Richelle Direny: Like like
Donita McClintic: I said,
Richelle Direny: Before a few hours of your life.
Richelle Direny: It was put on pause and then here it is so
Richelle Direny: But in this case. And then the other thing about the dentist is they don't have to to sleep.
Richelle Direny: You're awake through all that call game you're pulling in all of that.
Richelle Direny: But
Donita McClintic: Again,
Richelle Direny: It's just thinking about, you know, if this is a new dentist.
Richelle Direny: You know, put a little hoping that dentist.
Richelle Direny: But also expressing your past experience because
Donita McClintic: Yeah, if you don't express your past experiences and just letting them know
Richelle Direny: The things that you're nervous about they're just going to go do whatever they want.
Richelle Direny: So, like, one of the things like I usually say to the dentist. Like if
Richelle Direny: I'm going to get a two score.
Richelle Direny: Or whatever the situation is I would always
Donita McClintic: Say,
Richelle Direny: You know, sometimes it really takes to have those things, those notifications injections or whatever it is, sometimes it takes to
Richelle Direny: For me to really go know right
Richelle Direny: And usually they do it in like maybe leave for like 510
Richelle Direny: Minutes and they'll constantly keep
Richelle Direny: Checking like
Donita McClintic: You can you feel it. Can you feel it until
Richelle Direny: You're numb. So I would just express to them, letting them know
Richelle Direny: How you feel
Richelle Direny: And just as to how nervous, you are or what have you.
Richelle Direny: Suggest at least ease your mind.
Donita McClintic: Well, I know that sometimes if you're like when they go to pull them, they'll give you, um,
Donita McClintic: I think they give you like a couple hundred pills to take before you come if they're not going to knock you out, so I'll have to let if they do that, I will know that till tomorrow if they're going to give out to let Dr. James to know
Donita McClintic: That so I don't fail drug test if they if they even do that. I'm not sure if they do or not. But if they do, I'm doing it.
Richelle Direny: Is this your first time ever, I'm getting dental work like this major dental
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Major. Yes.
Donita McClintic: I'm mad like cheeseboard um yeah so this will be like, and it shouldn't take much because they're rolling out anyway where I been punched in my face by man.
Donita McClintic: It just, that's basically what started it all. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, for arms.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: But, um, you know, I think it just saying
Richelle Direny: It trying your best. Sometimes it's
Richelle Direny: Like I said, leading up to something.
Richelle Direny: Your nerves in there.
Richelle Direny: you're anxious and a lot of the anxiety comes from what it's going to be like afterwards.
Donita McClintic: Am I going to like it.
Donita McClintic: You know,
Richelle Direny: Just that that felt confident that will come with big
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: There is that anxiety.
Richelle Direny: So sometimes
Richelle Direny: Maybe focusing on the end result and what that's
Right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And just make
Richelle Direny: It more stay focused on it because
Richelle Direny: For everything there is a process that you have to go through
Richelle Direny: You know, it's
Richelle Direny: Just saying, you know, not so much sinful because the longer you stay focused on the process.
Donita McClintic: And you ponder the process.
Richelle Direny: You end up talking yourself.
Richelle Direny: Out of it.
Richelle Direny: And you come out of going
Richelle Direny: Through the process to get to the other side.
Richelle Direny: And all done that God has done in October.
Donita McClintic: And I didn't go because I'm scared, but um
Richelle Direny: You stay focused on the process.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So in this case, it's not it's not staying focused on the process but staying focused on the
Richelle Direny: On the end result ultimately
Richelle Direny: And the end result in this
Richelle Direny: Case would be
Richelle Direny: You know having
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: The tea. I can be
Donita McClintic: Mean
Richelle Direny: And that is very important. That is very important. You know, for some
Richelle Direny: People to others.
Richelle Direny: It's like
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: I know someone personally
Richelle Direny: Who had gotten into a really bad.
Richelle Direny: Accident and for years there.
Donita McClintic: Was really bad it was.
Richelle Direny: Like corroded. And just like a whole lot of bad situations and
Richelle Direny: Everything that was in
There.
Richelle Direny: And through that process.
Richelle Direny: ended up going back to the dentist having
Richelle Direny: It all removed and had
Donita McClintic: Nothing.
Richelle Direny: Like pretty much like
Richelle Direny: As the day they were born.
Richelle Direny: And so going through that process.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: Seeing him.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes I would like how do you eat the park with my
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so in he did it for a while and
Richelle Direny: Well, let me tell you something. There was the current state like where you are right now, the current state of knowing
Richelle Direny: Your presentation, how
Donita McClintic: You love and having to accept and be comfortable
Richelle Direny: With your image as it is.
Richelle Direny: And and looking at it and it being a
Donita McClintic: Reminder of
Richelle Direny: Why it's like that.
Richelle Direny: And not necessarily liking.
Richelle Direny: This that disposition and you know sometimes feeling
Richelle Direny: Depressed or, you know, having motel to lower self esteem or
Richelle Direny: Seeking variety of being around people simply
Donita McClintic: Because
Richelle Direny: You are not necessarily fond of what you're looking at in the
Richelle Direny: Mirror. And so, you know, in knowing this person that was that. And so when the opportunity was presented
Donita McClintic: To go through that process.
Richelle Direny: To get to that.
Richelle Direny: Other side. I'm sure the nerves were
Donita McClintic: Because
Richelle Direny: It's like like exactly what you said you're anxious, you're not, you're
Richelle Direny: Like all these emotions comes in.
Richelle Direny: And he went through. He allowed himself and he for a long time. Just by looking
Richelle Direny: For a long time he goes
Richelle Direny: Through it for years. He didn't go through it and just having to live with that ridicule of people looking at him and
Richelle Direny: Seeing what it had become eventually how they
Started
Richelle Direny: How supplying and just kind of what that looks
Richelle Direny: Like. And so eventually
Donita McClintic: He
Richelle Direny: Allowed himself.
Richelle Direny: To go
Through that process.
Richelle Direny: Despite the fear, despite the anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Despite past experience assistance or what have you.
Richelle Direny: He allowed himself to go through that process.
Richelle Direny: And, you know, and that process was a long process. It wasn't no
Richelle Direny: Go to the dentist and everything is fine. It was a long
Donita McClintic: Process, because for
Richelle Direny: A while after
Donita McClintic: We had everything removed.
Donita McClintic: He was like, he
Richelle Direny: Was dumbing it down for a minute.
Richelle Direny: And so again that's another process.
Richelle Direny: Of reboots. Think of yourself as a team.
Richelle Direny: Because he was dumbing it down for a minute.
Richelle Direny: And I would look and I'm like your show how you, how you
Richelle Direny: Like you can have some food worse than me who have a full head of
CIA
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so you don't want any
Bob
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: You will heat up some food. You hear me.
Like
Richelle Direny: I have a full head.
Richelle Direny: And I'm sitting here taking my
Richelle Direny: Time at certain things and he
Richelle Direny: Was killing it, man. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so forth.
Richelle Direny: And that process going on for a while because remember
Richelle Direny: After they were moved the GM. I mean after they remove the teeth.
Richelle Direny: Then they have to make the gums heal.
Donita McClintic: And then, you know,
Donita McClintic: It was a process.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: That's going to be your biggest challenge. It's not even right now because you're starting that journey.
Richelle Direny: It's
Richelle Direny: The journey. Yeah, that's more meaningful.
Richelle Direny: Not the beginning and not the end. It's the journey.
Richelle Direny: That you
Learn
Richelle Direny: And so that guarantee, he went through because
Richelle Direny: After he was
Richelle Direny: With no teeth and gums work healing.
Richelle Direny: And after it got to that point then he had to go back
I think what he did.
Richelle Direny: It's something that they put like these little
Richelle Direny: Impression
Richelle Direny: Well, it was like, oh, look what
Donita McClintic: I
Richelle Direny: Got a place that
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so they put that in his
Richelle Direny: Because like I said it was his whole mouth.
They put
Richelle Direny: And so he was going with that for a while.
Richelle Direny: So now.
Richelle Direny: I go through
Richelle Direny: But he looking jacked up from the beginning.
Richelle Direny: To now.
Richelle Direny: Being willing to get on this.
Donita McClintic: Journey.
Richelle Direny: And now in this journey. I went through.
Richelle Direny: The pain.
Richelle Direny: Or whatever now know to
Richelle Direny: Being too because now we have to
Donita McClintic: Keep
Richelle Direny: Your like this. Okay. And so that image for a while and then he has the things
Richelle Direny: Today, let me tell you something on either
Donita McClintic: End result.
Richelle Direny: I kept saying, well, you got some pretty
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah, that's
Richelle Direny: Where your team room.
Richelle Direny: Is prettier than
Richelle Direny: This smile.
Richelle Direny: Everything. His smile everything. It was just like, no, like, it was gorgeous.
File.
Donita McClintic: You probably love to smile after he got done all the time. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And let me wait and they were they're gorgeous.
Richelle Direny: Gorgeous, but just understanding
Richelle Direny: That journey he went on.
Richelle Direny: To get
Richelle Direny: To that end result.
Richelle Direny: And what that end result looks like. And now the compliment. So now,
Richelle Direny: Here it is my self esteem is the
Richelle Direny: way it is right now.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I have something going on. I've gotten used to it. I've gotten adjusted
Richelle Direny: I made this process. Now, I'm like, why did I allow myself.
Richelle Direny: To do this. Now, look at me. I have no teeth.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: You're going through all the emotional roller coaster from the while you're on this journey.
Richelle Direny: And now having to kind of shut yourself from people somewhat because
Richelle Direny: It's just like, man.
Richelle Direny: And having to go through all of that.
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, so your, your, your self esteem if it was going down.
Richelle Direny: In the beginning, now it's painting.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's taking through that process, but in the end.
Richelle Direny: You think about that cool of self esteem that he got
Richelle Direny: Because I wasn't just like
You're
Richelle Direny: Like, that's all I saw
Richelle Direny: That also now sneaking he was a little bit more loose. I mean, smiling. It was just like, all you can see with Pete
Donita McClintic: And I was just like, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you think about that boost.
Richelle Direny: Himself as a team. So then in the end.
Richelle Direny: You are you, you become super excited that you allowed yourself to
Richelle Direny: Get on this journey you allowed yourself to go through that process.
Richelle Direny: And it's thinking about all that you learn
Richelle Direny: While you're
Richelle Direny: On the on this point, it's
Richelle Direny: Always important is the process. And it's kind of like taking this
Richelle Direny: Instance, and
Richelle Direny: And let's let's
Richelle Direny: Take it and kind of apply it to you.
Richelle Direny: You're on the journey.
Richelle Direny: Like you were an active addiction and just kind of everything that surrounded that
Richelle Direny: And when you got to that.
Richelle Direny: Point where you decided
Richelle Direny: That I no longer want to do this, I no longer want to travel this road.
Richelle Direny: So now.
Richelle Direny: Right now what you're on if you're on Twitter.
Richelle Direny: You're going through the
Richelle Direny: Process. And so in this process you're realizing that
Richelle Direny: You're going to lose friends.
Richelle Direny: You're going to lose.
Richelle Direny: Relationships, maybe with some family members.
Richelle Direny: And even when you're losing and sometimes it's really just being repaired because they're so used to you being
Richelle Direny: One way.
Richelle Direny: That now you're changing in this new way.
Richelle Direny: And its effects. I mean,
Donita McClintic: I don't really know what to take up it
Richelle Direny: Actually I'm waiting to see you to fail. And so
Richelle Direny: They have
Richelle Direny: This process with you.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: And so
Richelle Direny: As you're going through this journey. Maybe you'll gain a little bit more
Richelle Direny: weight on your appetite and like
Richelle Direny: All of the things that
Richelle Direny: You're going through
Richelle Direny: A renewing of your mind. A renewing of our bodies transforming
Richelle Direny: Think about it.
Donita McClintic: If you were still in active addiction, would you be
Richelle Direny: Talking I want to
Richelle Direny: Deal with
Donita McClintic: That
Richelle Direny: So you think about right.
Richelle Direny: You're, you're, you're so busy getting high. So now you think about now I'm on this journey.
Richelle Direny: And going through the process. And this is what's meaningful.
Richelle Direny: This is what's meaningful, because when now I have long
Richelle Direny: Term sobriety.
Richelle Direny: Now I can go and I could probably help somebody. And why can I help somebody because I learned
Donita McClintic: A lot while I was on the
Richelle Direny: Journey while I'm
Donita McClintic: Going through the process.
Richelle Direny: Of recovery while I was going through the toxic vacation.
Richelle Direny: Because even though there is detoxification, whether it's three days or four days initially
Richelle Direny: Be pacification is a really long process.
Richelle Direny: Because you're really
Richelle Direny: You're giving back to life. Because the tissues in your
Donita McClintic: Body you're restoring your brain cells.
Richelle Direny: You're restoring so much within your body so your body is still going through a
Donita McClintic: Detoxification
Richelle Direny: And so, in fact,
Richelle Direny: Going on, while you're on the journey.
Richelle Direny: You're going through the traffic.
Richelle Direny: And once you hit that long term sobriety. Let's say you you're now at like five years or 10 years and you're like, man, I've learned so much
Richelle Direny: Now, my body's rejuvenated.
Richelle Direny: My mind is rejuvenate myself it's been exactly where it needs to be.
Richelle Direny: I restored relationships with my family and people that are meaningful in
Richelle Direny: My life. I have
Donita McClintic: Touched so many people in
Richelle Direny: My life.
Richelle Direny: Now I want to go and I want
Donita McClintic: To help
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But it's
Richelle Direny: It's that kind of like the general thing.
Richelle Direny: Of what you want to ride.
Richelle Direny: But it's right now step by step.
Donita McClintic: While you're on the journey. What are my day.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, day by day every day. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's what's important is
Richelle Direny: journaling and I know that's one of the things that you said you like doing is writing things down. It's now I'm on this journey. I'm on this process.
Richelle Direny: This is what I'm looking forward to. But OK.
Richelle Direny: Now I'm on this. I recognize that I'm learning. I'm on this journey.
Richelle Direny: I'm in the process.
Donita McClintic: Of detoxification rejuvenation of restraint.
Donita McClintic: Premier
Richelle Direny: Spot restructuring, now I'm
Richelle Direny: Day by day journaling.
Donita McClintic: What did I learned. Yeah. What did I say
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Write that down.
Donita McClintic: I always take note from we have our dream or my art meeting. I always call it the group, but it's just us.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I'll get it right, one day.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: I do do I see I tried to do it last week with it, which I don't think I would. I had to do it because like she gave me two weeks supply medicine.
Donita McClintic: So, but I was going to try to attend the group, but I'm the guy take care of. He had he had an emergency doctor appointment. So that's why I only got to stay in the beginning part of it because he came out when we were
Richelle Direny: Done that size. That's why I confirm. So you on Monday.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah, that's why i mean i but i wanted to try to do it as much as I could because I told my mom. She was sitting in a truck beside me, but I told her, I said. I look forward to
Donita McClintic: My group, the group and stuff now like before i didn't i wasn't like that. But now I look forward to doing it because I get to talk to somebody that knows what I'm going through
Donita McClintic: You like put a pet back in my step like every time I get off every time I finished with our groups or meetings. I don't know why call it grew
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: I'm like in a good mood I'm chipper and yeah that is I look forward to it. So, but, yeah, I tried to do it last Wednesday, but I was like, well, we tried
Richelle Direny: You know,
I was
Richelle Direny: I was just listening to something
Richelle Direny: Today, right before
Richelle Direny: We got on. And there was this young ladies like it was like a little group meeting, like a woman.
Richelle Direny: Bible study group or something like that. They were doing and
Richelle Direny: The question was posed like what are some of the things that they struggle with.
Donita McClintic: You know,
Richelle Direny: In light of whatever their
Donita McClintic: Topic was about this one first. He talked about
Richelle Direny: How, one of the things that
Richelle Direny: She struggled with was
You know,
Donita McClintic: All
Richelle Direny: The you know how people look at her their
Donita McClintic: Perfection.
Richelle Direny: People tomorrow.
Donita McClintic: He feels he feels that
Richelle Direny: Yada, yada, yada.
Richelle Direny: Until she talked
Richelle Direny: About
Richelle Direny: One of the things that she does.
Richelle Direny: It's like when she's feeling really cute for the day.
Richelle Direny: She takes pictures.
Richelle Direny: Of herself. She takes
Richelle Direny: Multiple pictures of
Richelle Direny: Them together. And so like today.
Richelle Direny: I'm feeling myself today on whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: Whatever giving me life right now.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to find a way to capture that.
Richelle Direny: And I'm going to hold on to it.
Richelle Direny: Because you know what if tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: I'm feeling low
Richelle Direny: I'm not feeling myself. I'm not feeling pretty air and feeling lonely.
Richelle Direny: Feeling whatever she goes back to those images that she captured and she speaks back to herself, and said, even though I'm feeling this way. Today I'm still this person that has not changed.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: I think about that number. And that's one of the things I brought that up for you if that, like you said, it's when we meet in our sessions, like you said, you take notes.
Richelle Direny: And you're feeling so good for that day.
Richelle Direny: And it's like you got life. You got life back for the day.
Richelle Direny: You know what, tomorrow you might
Richelle Direny: encounter something and what whatever you encounter tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: You not feeling like you got no pep in your step.
Donita McClintic: But guess what,
Donita McClintic: You're going to go back to
Richelle Direny: Those notes and you're going to say this is still the danita that in. Maybe I just need to read this.
Richelle Direny: To help me get through this moment.
Richelle Direny: Maybe I need to read
Richelle Direny: That even though I'm feeling the way I'm feeling. It's part of the process. It's part of the journey and I'm still going through that renewed found
Richelle Direny: That that detoxification that rejuvenation.
Donita McClintic: I'm still my body is still going through that.
Richelle Direny: So if today.
Richelle Direny: I'm feeling like using
Richelle Direny: Or I'm feeling like whatever
Richelle Direny: That's buttons that the tissues. My brain cells, tissues in my body everything that
Richelle Direny: For so long I was doing that.
Richelle Direny: It's a part of the detox vacation. I'm
Donita McClintic: Going through
Richelle Direny: It's a part of that rejuvenation that you're
Richelle Direny: A part of that.
Richelle Direny: And so reading that and reminding yourself of it that it's a part of the journey.
Donita McClintic: I can get to it.
Richelle Direny: It's a part of the process.
Richelle Direny: I can get through it. So it just brings you back. It just remind you that it's okay, what I'm feeling
Richelle Direny: And what I'm thinking because it's a part of the process.
Part of the journey.
Richelle Direny: And I will
Richelle Direny: Only understand it.
Richelle Direny: If I know
Richelle Direny: That is
Richelle Direny: A part of the journey that I'm on
Donita McClintic: That's good.
Donita McClintic: Alright.
Richelle Direny: So if you even have like a
Richelle Direny: Look, I know you do your journals it for you.
Richelle Direny: For a while, you need to walk around with that because there's you remember
Richelle Direny: On while you're under journey.
Richelle Direny: You need to get through every step.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: You need to get an hour of the day.
Richelle Direny: You need to get
Donita McClintic: Through it
Richelle Direny: You don't wake up and just be like, whoa.
Richelle Direny: I can't wait for the end of the day, no.
Donita McClintic: I got to get through this.
Richelle Direny: I can't
Richelle Direny: It's morning and now we're just going to jump all over the day in jumping tonight and I got to get through this day.
Richelle Direny: I can't get along with me.
Richelle Direny: I have to get through this thing.
Richelle Direny: And how do I get
Richelle Direny: Is learning what I need to learn
Richelle Direny: While I'm on the journey.
Richelle Direny: Of getting to the end.
Richelle Direny: And so that is something that
Richelle Direny: Tanya, you're still there.
Anita
Richelle Direny: You still have a lot to work on, you still have a
Donita McClintic: Lot to learn
Donita McClintic: And so
Richelle Direny: Even though I'm feeling like crap, right now I'm going to go back to my journal
Richelle Direny: And I'm going to read it.
Donita McClintic: And I'm
Richelle Direny: Going to remind myself that it's
Richelle Direny: You know what, I'm a part of. So
Richelle Direny: If I'm feeling sad if I'm feeling lonely feeling, whatever.
It's a part of the process.
Right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah tomorrow would be my four year wedding anniversary. Remember
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes.
Donita McClintic: I stopped off to them. I still got talked to him. We still blocked still nothing like up. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: How do I want you to tell me
Richelle Direny: How did that feel this weekend being around the
Richelle Direny: Family being around everything and how you felt overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: And how you were able to withdraw yourself and feel
Richelle Direny: Okay, with that.
Richelle Direny: And I
Richelle Direny: Take that in somewhat apply it to
Richelle Direny: Knowing that tomorrow is your four year wedding anniversary. And you've you've you've separated yourself just like how you separated yourself from the larger
Donita McClintic: Crowd to pretty much get back
Richelle Direny: With yourself.
Richelle Direny: How is that
Richelle Direny: Going into knowing that this is your anniversary
Richelle Direny: And because this relationship is so toxic you've kind of separate
Donita McClintic: I guess i mean i i try to keep my mind busy. So I don't think about them because then if you, you know, if I think about him, or whatever, then we'll start feeling sorry for him and then you
Donita McClintic: So I just remember all the bad because there was more bad than there was good, so I you know outweighing it whatever
Donita McClintic: But I just, I mean, I don't want to slide back into any of that. I, I feel so much better. I'm doing so much better. I I'm out in society, even though you know we're not supposed to be.
Donita McClintic: But I'm
Donita McClintic: I love who I am today. And I'm not going back to that. I mean honestly just keep myself occupied. I keep myself busy so I don't start to think in
Donita McClintic: Because I know me, I mean, in the past, I will be right back with them. But I honestly don't want that ever again. I gone done I'm 42 years old. It's time to be an adult.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I'm not young teenager that in the little party stage like I'm I need to. I need to show my kids like the, you know, you got to
Donita McClintic: What's the word I'm looking for.
Donita McClintic: You gotta, you gotta
Donita McClintic: Like when they get older, they got to be a part of.
Donita McClintic: I don't know, I'm trying. I know I'm trying to say, but it's just not coming out like okay, you have to get out and do stuff on your own. You can't expect people to do it for you.
Donita McClintic: And I've done that a lot. Now when I was young.
Donita McClintic: I was like 27 when I got on pain pills, so
Donita McClintic: Before then I was like,
Donita McClintic: The anti drug like absolutely not like don't even I was I judged. People really bad to when I was
Donita McClintic: Like I didn't understand how people got to that point in their life where like I didn't understand it. So one day I was like oh my gosh, I'm here. Like I okay I get it now.
Donita McClintic: So I don't judge anymore, but I just I like you, I am today. I love who I am today. And I'm not letting him bring that back, you know, take me back down. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: taking you back down.
Richelle Direny: So one of the things
Richelle Direny: You know, okay, so
Richelle Direny: For you.
Richelle Direny: What was it that was
Richelle Direny: Significant when everybody was together.
Richelle Direny: Pretty much like everybody in the family was together hanging out with your mom and it became
Richelle Direny: Overwhelming for you.
Richelle Direny: You said that what got
Richelle Direny: Overwhelming for you was the noise and everything that was going on right and you need it now was it like a reminder, like people were making you feel uncomfortable or
Richelle Direny: Whatever it was, or was it just the noise.
Donita McClintic: It's just the noise and it just it it's like it makes me not good enough to my head like just all the commode, like all the noise. It drives me crazy.
Richelle Direny: And so you can separate yourself.
Donita McClintic: Yes. Yeah, I can't like a crowd of people, if there's five or more. I kind of, I can't
Donita McClintic: I can't make it worse. It's like
Donita McClintic: It's, yeah. It's like, to me by peoples too many like everybody's trying to talk over top of every everybody know what I mean, like, I can't it just drives me nuts and
Richelle Direny: Feel when you went and you sent my yourself.
Richelle Direny: With your little news.
Donita McClintic: Well I calm down, like I was okay. And I still listen to what they were saying. But I kind of blocking. I'd love to some out and listen to. You know what I mean like I could
Donita McClintic: Away from everybody. I can do that. But being all around, everybody. There's, like, it's like marquee signs going off everywhere. And you got to pick which one you're going to read or whatever. So that's what it feels like me.
Donita McClintic: And takes
Donita McClintic: Then it's like I trade on whatever one you know it might be weird analogy, what I'm using but the
Richelle Direny: Reality that you're using, because I want you to take that same concept.
Richelle Direny: Of how you felt in the morning and how
Richelle Direny: To separate yourself in order to
Richelle Direny: Kind of
Richelle Direny: Bring yourself back to a level of
Donita McClintic: Functions.
Richelle Direny: To calm your mind down so we could show
Richelle Direny: You. I love
Richelle Direny: The fact that you did all of that, what was happening to
Richelle Direny: You in the moment. It was a point where you were no longer
Richelle Direny: In control.
Richelle Direny: Of your
Richelle Direny: Situation of your surroundings in your mind. Everything was kind of going
Richelle Direny: So you said, Okay, no, this is where I am right now I need to
Richelle Direny: Separate myself.
Richelle Direny: I need to know what's
Donita McClintic: Good for me. I need to bring myself back
Richelle Direny: Sustainability.
Richelle Direny: And I know
Richelle Direny: I know, like you said, I do know you
Richelle Direny: For you know what's good for you.
Richelle Direny: So I want to be in a good place both mentally, emotionally
Richelle Direny: Physically, I need to be in a good place.
Donita McClintic: For you separated yourself.
Richelle Direny: Knowing the reason why
Richelle Direny: You city.
Richelle Direny: And sticking to that.
Donita McClintic: Reason.
Richelle Direny: It's in the same way.
Richelle Direny: With your spouse. You know what was going on in that married
Richelle Direny: And you can identify there was more bad
Richelle Direny: Than
Richelle Direny: There was good when I wake
Richelle Direny: Out everything
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: Just like how you were feeling with all of the commotion. You can all be for a family member, they weren't physically abusing you weren't making you
Richelle Direny: Continue to to fault, but in this relationship.
Donita McClintic: You're saying
Donita McClintic: This is
Donita McClintic: All that was going on.
Richelle Direny: And if putting me
Richelle Direny: In a bad hesitate, emotionally, physically and otherwise.
Richelle Direny: And so you just like what you did yesterday you
Richelle Direny: Separated yourself.
Donita McClintic: And you went with a little girl because you know
Richelle Direny: That will help you
Richelle Direny: To kind of realign and refocus know the reason why you walked out of the relationship. All of the what the toxicity that consisted of that or
Donita McClintic: How it was making you feel
Richelle Direny: You're now going to
Richelle Direny: The reason why you separated yourself and cancel your mom's house.
Richelle Direny: Because you know there was
Richelle Direny: Structured their ability
Richelle Direny: And it brought up.
Richelle Direny: And it allows you to refocus and redefine yourself, Tina.
Donita McClintic: Her mom house for like yesterday that little girl gave
Richelle Direny: Sense of peace and that
Richelle Direny: Allowing you to regain control.
Richelle Direny: With your relationships. Just like that little girl your
Donita McClintic: mom's house.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Everything that's surrounding your mom's
Donita McClintic: House, it's
Richelle Direny: Allowing you
Richelle Direny: To get back to the basics. What is my purpose.
Richelle Direny: What is my purpose for doing this.
Richelle Direny: I need to stay on this journey.
Richelle Direny: I need to continue with this process of detoxification emptying what seems to be a very
Richelle Direny: toxic relationship. I can't
Richelle Direny: Solve making the list.
Richelle Direny: Identifying you remember we talked about
Richelle Direny: It in one in one session, making
Richelle Direny: What was the reason why you did it in the first place. Why did you walk out of it.
Richelle Direny: Going back and when you feel those emotions.
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow, what is
Donita McClintic: Your birthday. When you feel
Richelle Direny: Emotion tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Or he's finding some nice or mode of trying to get in contact with you if he remembers.
Donita McClintic: Right, and you
Richelle Direny: read that book.
Richelle Direny: read what you wrote
Richelle Direny: Remind yourself.
Richelle Direny: Why you separated yourself.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, know you think about
Donita McClintic: Oh, it's my four year anniversary for years of a very toxic relationship celebrating
Donita McClintic: Over 30
Richelle Direny: Years.
Richelle Direny: Of a happy relationship.
Donita McClintic: Right now, there's no he wasn't even here to have when he was in prison.
Richelle Direny: So seeing trends here you
Donita McClintic: Go you
Richelle Direny: Know you're writing down the list of everything.
Donita McClintic: Else and I got a dentist appointment so I'm really not even focused on the marriage focused on the dentist. So that kind of work that was kind of good that I was able to get on that day. And that's because I have
Richelle Direny: For you, not recognizing it was intentional so that you're not sitting here, think about the loss of a relationship.
So,
Richelle Direny: That was not healthy for you.
Richelle Direny: You're not pondering on
Richelle Direny: Grid for two years incarcerated for years. I'm sure sprinkled in there.
Person.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: Yes, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Sprinkled in there. There was some good
Richelle Direny: But what stands out in your mind, the
Richelle Direny: Most is all of the bad time.
Richelle Direny: You have to remind yourself when you read at any point
Donita McClintic: In time
Richelle Direny: That your mind goes
Richelle Direny: To speak because at the end of the day, Donny to your human and you're a woman.
Richelle Direny: Who had
Richelle Direny: And what
Richelle Direny: Your company does
Richelle Direny: Your company have a male partner.
Richelle Direny: Here's
Richelle Direny: Well, that's the part that gets your
Richelle Direny: Heart. It's the relationships. If the loss of a partner. It's the law for some type of stability in some whatever way.
Donita McClintic: That it was
Donita McClintic: It's a lot
Richelle Direny: So you're grieving that loss of that marriage.
Richelle Direny: So we don't want to minimize that.
Donita McClintic: You don't want, right, that part is not there, because that's the part that's making me think, wow,
Richelle Direny: Today is my four year anniversary and
Donita McClintic: You know, I'm not wishing it. So there is that last
Richelle Direny: BECAUSE, INITIALLY WHEN YOU DECIDED
Richelle Direny: To get married.
Richelle Direny: There was a reason. And there was a purpose and you felt like this is person for
Donita McClintic: You
Richelle Direny: So many years into it, you recognize
Richelle Direny: That this is not good for me.
Richelle Direny: Good. Now you're making that on this process of detoxification.
Richelle Direny: We're recognizing this is not good.
Richelle Direny: So read
Richelle Direny: If you get to that place or after
Donita McClintic: After you talk to me movie in your
Richelle Direny: Mouth is regaining back
Consciousness.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: After you go through
Richelle Direny: That thought that comes with it.
Richelle Direny: And which I
Richelle Direny: Read it.
Richelle Direny: And just say
Richelle Direny: I do miss the idea of a
Richelle Direny: Relationship. I do miss the idea of being in the company.
Donita McClintic: I
Do miss that.
Richelle Direny: But I'm reminded
Richelle Direny: That this is not torn
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because being in this relationship is going to
Richelle Direny: Jeopardize journey that I've been on
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: It's going to jeopardize the relationship. I'm trying to
Richelle Direny: Foster back with my mom.
Donita McClintic: With my family.
Donita McClintic: It's going to jeopardize
Richelle Direny: I want you to be able to write all that down.
Richelle Direny: And remind yourself of all
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, and then I'll see you again on Wednesday, so you'll know how I did on Tuesday, because that's where my group is on Wednesday at noon, so
Donita McClintic: I'll let you know how much I
Richelle Direny: Want to set it up.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, that's exactly why we set it up like
Richelle Direny: This so we check in before and we check in after and
Richelle Direny: I want you to everything that you drop down
Richelle Direny: Just try to see if
Richelle Direny: In that moment.
Richelle Direny: Acknowledge because sometimes we do this.
Richelle Direny: We're so busy trying to speak to find a solution and try to find a way
Richelle Direny: That we don't acknowledge the
Emotion.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: If you're hurt acknowledge your hurt.
Richelle Direny: If you want to cry.
Richelle Direny: Technology
Richelle Direny: And allow those emotions, the full
Richelle Direny: Crowd right allow it to happen because that's the only way to bottle it all up and says nope that's
Richelle Direny: Not acknowledging their emotions. Right.
Donita McClintic: You can't. Yeah. You can't keep putting it off because it just makes it worse. I've learned that
Donita McClintic: Yes, God
Richelle Direny: Is
Richelle Direny: Gonna come
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow, yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yep.
Donita McClintic: Nope.
Donita McClintic: Nope, I can't, I can't figure this out. Okay, hang on. I'll be there, man. He's got their pitches, but I'll have her SOUND Oh you gotta do call bring your framework. What did you call it the videos.
Donita McClintic: They're probably muted OR HOLD ON MY MOM'S GOT TO DO A zoom meeting a first time ever, with the school.
Donita McClintic: Because you don't know how to do it.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, she does not do it.
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I'll let you. I'll let you go with your mom. But I just want you to just
Richelle Direny: Remind us
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow is gonna come
Richelle Direny: Tonight is going to come
Richelle Direny: You can't stop it.
Richelle Direny: Though you would like to stop it. You can stop it.
Richelle Direny: You still gotta go through that process.
And back. Okay.
Donita McClintic: Are we set up a time and meeting for next time.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, hold on.
Okay.
Donita McClintic: Yes. Yep. Wednesdays at noon.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's do
Richelle Direny: Let's do the
Richelle Direny: 26th.
At noon.
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: It's a Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: Is Memorial Day.
Okay.
Donita McClintic: Okay. Sounds good to me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I will be okay.
Donita McClintic: All right, you have a good day, Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: Thanks. I have a good one.
Donita McClintic: You too. Bye.
Richelle Direny: Hold on, I'm Carla, I can't hear you. Yeah.
Carla O: I can hear you now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I can hear you now.
Good.
Carla O: I have gone to hell last week.
Carla O: Okay, I got a lot of catalyst. But yeah, I got thrown out of my own place Friday when I failed the TV. Oh, against my boyfriend has been be broke to Michael's he saw my dentures. He stole my phone, he sold the money for me and you saw my medicine. Okay, first of all,
Carla O: Second of all, when I went and filed the ppl against him. The will awaken THE SHERIFF DEPARTMENT both came here to serve him paperwork. Well, the shirt made a mistake and I had to leave the premises and come in here well about 15 minutes later he called me and he's the sheriff in painter.
Carla O: Club and you said, Caroline. I am so sorry. He said, I went back to the resonance. I went and got the keys off Jimmy and told me I believe the premises.
Carla O: Yummy never left. I had to pay for a room for two nights, which was Friday night, and Saturday night. So, yesterday I finally got fed up with it because I do $100 a day. Yeah, I was at Motel six in will be
Carla O: OK, so now I got a hold of the law. The main guy during the day above the sharks.
Carla O: He said he checks into the whole name and he said the data that data officer has in itself. He did the chef. When he came here. He shouldn't get
Carla O: One, there was a girl that was intoxicated here and some time did they came to throw James out well. And then they found out. Oh, no.
Carla O: She's you want to have to leave. Not him. So they made me leave the premises for when the all share. Probably back about a half hour later and said,
Carla O: You can return it was my mistake and get the Jane the keys back from games. Well, when I came back, James lackey door the bud deadbolt. He wouldn't let me in. And the brains, the brains will share Scott the keys to the place so called the main guy yet in charge in
Carla O: Charge was a geek.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on. So, Carla you're muted. Hold on, let me unmute you. So today's session.
Richelle Direny: I know that you did have a lot going on. I think you're frozen. Okay.
Carla O: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm here, I'm here.
Richelle Direny: I know that you had a lot going on last week.
Carla O: Okay, no.
Carla O: You is when I WANT TO SAY, SWEETIE. What did happen was this year have made a mistake on Friday night. I got my shameless check. Okay, I paid $300 for room. Okay, and I pay the price for it. Okay, but no amount of money. Okay. Because of this, and you know what, and then was the sheer a mistake.
Richelle Direny: Okay, Carla. Carla, hold on, I need you to focus for a second.
Richelle Direny: My, my time with you today.
Richelle Direny: I am telling you that I do understand that you did go through a lot last week and it's a lot but
Richelle Direny: Today, I want to be able to do what is called an intake session with you.
Carla O: Okay. Well, I never sent
Richelle Direny: My dad. I don't see
Richelle Direny: The medicines.
Richelle Direny: I got
Richelle Direny: Social I'm a therapist.
Carla O: I'm not glad you back.
Carla O: For me, because I can see the data, but what you need to do is finish, let me finish speaking
Richelle Direny: And you're kind of follow through what I'm saying to you, and what the end, if you will, like a medicine or whatever. Now if you got your scripts filled. And that was, um,
Carla O: I as
Richelle Direny: I was saying, I will send an email.
Richelle Direny: To let them know that we didn't meet. And if you need to get a prescription filled in your do for one because
Carla O: I'm not. But there's a police report number
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, that's something that they will have to discuss, but you'll get it, you're supposed to do today, which is meet with me.
Richelle Direny: After the
Richelle Direny: Sentence of Friday and you being overwhelmed and having a lot going on. Um, we needed to me. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So we're going to continue with that. And then we can move on for after that. Okay.
Carla O: Okay yeah cuz I got a police report number because they did and and also
Richelle Direny: The support is not
Carla O: That doesn't work. Now they kicked me out of my own home for two days with my medicine here wouldn't let me in, and kept telling me they were gonna throw me in jail and they wouldn't want to
Richelle Direny: Again I i don't i don't handle that he wants. I'm
Carla O: Glad I didn't know the patient.
Carla O: They can, they can verify everything if I do
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'll let I'll let you know what they say. I'm after we're finished with our intake.
Richelle Direny: That will forward to the next thing. Okay.
Carla O: Okay. Yeah, because I don't want to have to use your own like I did last week when I ran out of medicine. When he sold it for the second time.
Richelle Direny: Was telling me that you use, you use last week, what day
Carla O: Yeah, no, I told them right away and use from
Carla O: Monday job. There's a morning
Carla O: An angle because I told him everything
Richelle Direny: You told him everything
Carla O: You ever did. My last and women.
Richelle Direny: And when did you tell them that you told them that Friday morning.
Carla O: I think so, yeah. Before I talk to you. I think
Carla O: Yes.
Carla O: I don't recruit about averaging
Carla O: doesn't lie about anything I'd rather tell the truth about everything.
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that you use because you didn't have your medicine.
Carla O: Yes.
Carla O: Monday to Thursday morning and then Thursday afternoon on camera message.
Carla O: And I would do since
Carla O: I did use marijuana. I'm sorry, I missed the only thing I have you
Carla O: Medicine every
Carla O: Day.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Carla O: Also, I can send you copies
Carla O: Of the key to the report number
Carla O: When you guys want to talk to the guy and pain pills. You're the one that made the mistake about him me leaving and not him. I was his mistake, not mine.
Carla O: But yet, I'm $300 less richer than I should make because I had a renewal for three days at Motel six and we'll be
Carla O: Back in my house now.
Carla O: My mobile home as I should say.
Carla O: Without him doesn't use it here until Elisa February 18 is our hair.
Carla O: I'm pressing charges on him.
Carla O: Going My teeth regarding my medicine regarding my bones.
Carla O: And I have two broken toes.
Carla O: Also
Carla O: Known to ask the last week.
Carla O: I need good X rays.
Richelle Direny: What was the last thing you said you use Carla.
Carla O: Use what
No one.
Richelle Direny: You said that
Richelle Direny: You use heroin.
Carla O: y de de de de de described it in that morning last Thursday morning was the last time. Are you so
Carla O: Glad I did two or three hours a week on Saturday, get you anything.
Carla O: Before you I told me that
Okay.
Carla O: Nothing and over everything.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem.
Yeah.
Carla O: This is the third time I asked my medicine, but he did it without me here, they wouldn't let me in.
Carla O: And you guys can get that all your
Carla O: Shower did insurance will say, yeah, she's right.
Richelle Direny: Oh, did you do the last one you said last Thursday morning. Was that before you met in the group.
Carla O: In the group.
Richelle Direny: What do you mean
Carla O: What do you mean, what
Carla O: Does your family medicine.
Richelle Direny: No, no, you said the last year when you last use heroin is what I'm asking you.
Carla O: Is the core group.
Carla O: Like seven lakh
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah.
Carla O: Yeah, there's like seven o'clock the morning
Carla O: And I
Carla O: told her that somebody would have to be. Oh, yeah.
Carla O: Or you after my class. Yes. You like over
Carla O: To do, or in this new world class. Why do you know that and I get it after. And yes, when I go around.
Carla O: You
Carla O: Gotta do it.
Carla O: Now,
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on. Hold on, I'm Carla, so
Richelle Direny: So you haven't used today at all right.
Carla O: No, no.
Carla O: And you sent last Thursday morning.
Richelle Direny: The end. And the only way you
Carla O: Know I use pencil on Saturday.
Richelle Direny: On Saturday.
Marijuana
Carla O: Yes, that's it all into a tree. Yes.
Carla O: At all. I've been to
Carla O: This is the third time this has happened with this guy, this time that I had no choice. It was not like it can threaten me to draw me in jail.
Carla O: If I didn't get out of here and it will just take it wasn't fighting and they said, We're so sorry. Okay, your, your, your natural medicine call no
Carla O: You're not sure yet to broken soul is not sorry about what LA and to go to miss my two kids that were in here. I wasn't sure Jimmy was going to get to
Carla O: It, you're much lower with me really after all they did wrong.
Carla O: I guess everybody makes mistakes, no matter what.
Carla O: They could possibly my life. I used to watch and you can die period.
Carla O: Times myself but then happen in a
Carla O: Program some assistance from no matter what I'm going to, I am cabbage a restraining order and the T shirts and police department is one to talk to every port number everything I got everything I just know. I mean, that really
Bad
Carla O: This is the third time this happened and I'm trying to press charges against what we love the core of me and domestic relations.
Carla O: Can you need to know the address. We're on the court you
Richelle Direny: Know, no, no.
Okay.
Carla O: And the judges name and everything else.
Carla O: But it's me.
Carla O: Next Monday.
Carla O: Night.
Carla O: For salt.
Carla O: Okay version is really slow me as well because he broke a bone.
Carla O: Kill that to my medicine.
Richelle Direny: So, so, Carla. Let's see if we could get through your intake. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, and when
Richelle Direny: You another time. We can talk about like the relationship and everything that's going on. So, based on what you're seeing right now, you haven't used you haven't smoked, you haven't done anything today.
No.
Richelle Direny: Given that since coming to Brian heart, um, since joining this program. How did you hear about the program.
Carla O: I'd be scared. It was lacking. Dr.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um,
Carla O: How long have you been on here, we've been
Using
Carla O: It.
Carla O: Only five years.
Richelle Direny: You've been yes
Carla O: No, maybe no. I thought, well, what purpose at work being the latter all my life since I was 18 years old, I had nine children and I look over here.
Richelle Direny: Then you had one
Carla O: I had low so Mia can to my notes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And you said you have nine children.
Carla O: Yes.
Richelle Direny: And all I am still alive.
Carla O: No ma'am I am living in three star wars.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so you've had nine total pregnancies.
Carla O: Yeah, before maybe that died.
Richelle Direny: And so you started using heroin.
Carla O: Yes, like eight years ago after they stopped as an email me and I'll make it
Carla O: You said after one
Carla O: And two, they sat in my message to the world to me and my kids. That's why so
Richelle Direny: How long ago were, you were you diagnosed with the cancer.
Carla O: I'm
Carla O: Years old, maybe 35 or something like that.
Richelle Direny: So are you in remission.
Carla O: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so you're saying after going into remission from the diagnosis of the cancer your children now are your children.
Richelle Direny: Were they living with you.
Carla O: I'm trying to make it on your a
Carla O: Game of production to my under age kids and lay other ones all during college and
Richelle Direny: Where they also
Carla O: Yes.
Richelle Direny: To all all six living children were adopted.
Carla O: Yeah, after so many years yeah I raised them all into three to five years old.
Carla O: And I finally knew I couldn't do it again.
Richelle Direny: So if I try all your kids for the first five years you
Richelle Direny: For all your kids for you you raising until the age of five and then
Carla O: I was doing three and five have
Carla O: Children. So yeah, we decided to have them. I did not at all.
Carla O: Race.
Carla O: At a six kids to be amazed at all the other
Carla O: Mom talking. It isn't six five. I have four boys one girl and a fine tuned cool and I didn't raise it off and the other three I wait until one ministry and the eventual
Richelle Direny: So after your children were taken from you and you got
Carla O: diagnosed with cancer.
Carla O: They were taken. I gave up for national
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, okay. Yes. So, after all of them, after he had given them all up for adoption.
Richelle Direny: And then you're you're
Richelle Direny: You got one.
Richelle Direny: That's when you start a new
Richelle Direny: I said, after you gave up your children for adoption and you have the diagnosis.
Richelle Direny: Of cancer that's when you start
Carla O: Getting into the class and crack cocaine is when they started to get it on probably kids into the social contract theory. Then after they sent me the medicines will tell me and my kids actually shows
Richelle Direny: And so, and that has been so from the time of induction of the of the drugs. It's been a total of eight years.
Carla O: Yep, no, no. They're seniors.
Carla O: 35 I gave him a message. So I'm 4813 years
Richelle Direny: 13 years. Okay. Have you ever gone into treatment.
Carla O: You and choices before you data.
Carla O: Month before you guys want to do our transportation. I had no more lies in kick me out. Make it in the glass rise to insurance only gets three right here.
Richelle Direny: Also you needed to. So for that program you needed to get
Carla O: Transfer you need a transportation one guy.
Carla O: One guy, we had to go there for the classes at one time we did that for years.
Carla O: Choices every place. And that's 3414 plus back to Cleveland.
Carla O: Choices.
Carla O: Is this a Manson outpatient program.
Carla O: Try and I have donuts all over the place. Like you're dragging going to my living room.
Carla O: So give me your good though.
Carla O: Yeah, I don't want you think I'm crazy. I'm very hyper if you can't tell all my life. I was ADHD. Oh, sexually abused from eight two years old to seven or is never allowed to go out as love to go to school. I had no life.
Carla O: And in two years old to 17 I was on Ritalin or Adderall or third year or something.
Carla O: For my ADHD.
Carla O: And you like a gallon of psychiatry. Is there an agent given by Dr. King can give them right now. Until you guys can be careful over there, they should you get your impressions of getting one. But until then I'm like,
Richelle Direny: Okay, so okay so
Richelle Direny: Hold on one before we jump on before we move on, jump on to talk about the ADHD.
Richelle Direny: You outside of the the cancer. That's the only diagnosis that you have
Richelle Direny: Outside of the cancer medical
Side.
Carla O: She said,
Carla O: Oh,
Carla O: Yeah, that was only a versa.
Carla O: I run versa real bad. I was in, I was in with the pq for almost four months at Cleveland Clinic, because I have mercy on my mouth.
Carla O: And the answer is no, then it went to my field, what
Carla O: This has been lately went to my foot. My mouth was in the hospital for three months.
Carla O: To
Carla O: Absence
Carla O: And then I got
Carla O: Back. Nice. What about last December. Okay. And he put me in 21 days and bad and then it came back a game back twice is there tightness back and inflamed again.
Carla O: That's because he another medical doctor about it, but I have anti go to the hell I have been going through with Max.
Carla O: I have to see Dr. Emerson is it honestly
Carla O: Don't think medicines are strong enough. I think that they need to put the international with IV fluids again about a live in three months.
Carla O: But you cannot get past those actors to testing the Mercer, am I looking at it, they can close your browser and signature health. I see that she's disease, the actor
Carla O: When you see my what he said oh my god is at Mercer and this will be the first 111 days and about like the other wasn't go and went down a little bit. Now the way. So it requires another script on it, but it's just not strong enough to take it away.
Carla O: So now back to my foot again.
Carla O: Not all the way. And now the user will get
Richelle Direny: Now, what were the
What is that
Carla O: Notion
Richelle Direny: Okay, let me ask you this. Um, what is the, what was your, your psychiatric diagnosis, you said that you were diagnosed with
Richelle Direny: ADHD.
Carla O: ADHD ADHD anxiety.
Carla O: Welcome
Carla O: Something something's closest matic stretch this work.
Richelle Direny: And that was, and you said that you were, you were molested
Richelle Direny: At the age of starting a
Richelle Direny: Family
Carla O: Like
Carla O: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Carla O: Nice Stefan when I was 14
Richelle Direny: When you were 14
Carla O: Correct.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's
Carla O: Nice. That's a nice other words, until I was healthy for us, made me soka and play with them and they will go out and I go to school.
Carla O: Then he tried to talk to me and I didn't know that was what he was doing. So I can go and then we'll finally got to go to school, I was an athlete beat when I went to school that I went through a lot
Richelle Direny: And your mom was your mom.
Actively
Richelle Direny: Where was your did you
Carla O: live with your mom as well.
Carla O: When you need to laugh stairs by the ignoring it because they both were selling drugs and they were making so much money she didn't give a fuck about me.
Richelle Direny: Are you an only child.
Carla O: Know, I have two younger brothers and they don't talk to me because
Carla O: Me.
Carla O: A blame me.
Richelle Direny: Now that your stepfather. That's his children. The boys.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Carla O: I was adopted by myself.
Carla O: To
Richelle Direny: You were were
Carla O: adapted by him.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you were done by your father.
Carla O: Or
Richelle Direny: Six. Okay, so your
Carla O: Your mom only has three actually
Carla O: Correct.
Carla O: Okay, I'm not mad.
Carla O: mom passed away you're mostly
Richelle Direny: Ok ok now both is your stepfather who
Carla O: Is your
Carla O: Cigarettes. That's why she died.
Carla O: And I'm still smoking, but rather than
Richelle Direny: So what did you say it was due to cigarettes that she died. What do you mean
Carla O: P c corp me
Richelle Direny: Oh, she had COPD and liquid
Carla O: Luck. Yeah. And she would not have been to surgery to take the label off and loved and she lied to me. She sounded a lot of the hospital. Two days later to the answer my calls that she died on her couch.
Richelle Direny: So,
You
Richelle Direny: Do
Carla O: Need to get telling me she did much more tissue Latin Kings and not waiting for she could
Carla O: Find when she didn't
Richelle Direny: Now let me ask you, did you do, you were you seeing a psychiatrist in the past.
Carla O: No. All you need adolescent always
Carla O: family counseling and individual
Richelle Direny: So you've been in counseling and you've been in counseling for
Richelle Direny: Greater part of your life.
Carla O: And as the adolescent
Richelle Direny: From a. Now, you said that
Richelle Direny: You said that you, you said that your you told the teachers in school. So where you removed from the home and with a foster
Family
Carla O: No, no, what happened was a man can guy. Oh, so no i don't see my father came over working
Carla O: So they made him leave. And then they put him in jail for the early days, only because I like I didn't tell him everything is going on. I just told me that he just turned on me when I was
Carla O: When I wasn't true. And then when I was 18 he broke into my house and you rate me get three years.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, but you said that the only thing was that he got three years for the salt.
Carla O: Lake great way being me being Broken. Broken. Broken my home and your school we kind of went the other way.
Carla O: And when the same judge he did 30 days and and vascular metro men in 18 months with the judge, given the max time in three years because of the prior and. Can you shut out electricity or have
Carla O: You made me
Carla O: Feel
Carla O: Peaceful
Richelle Direny: He did. He did. He ABUSE YOUR MOM WAS YOUR
Carla O: Mom being abused, not very much.
Carla O: Not as much as me. Yeah, hitting lives. Yes, punching holes in the wall. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Did you
Richelle Direny: Did you know your biological father
Carla O: No, I didn't mean to close 14 know 16. Let me tell you what happened there. I've lived in Florida first class what to see
Carla O: The time I got off the plane. The first class, you can drink alcohol. And then I was 18 I was drawn plane and the first thing my dad is Clark and join me where
Richelle Direny: You said the first thing I did was, what
Carla O: When I got off the plane and gotten a joke buzzell I'm drinking me to do a lot to me.
Carla O: And then
Carla O: He forced upon me, and I liked my head sexual
Richelle Direny: With your father.
Carla O: Correct. And I was 16 now, Dan. Two days later and you're
Carla O: Interested in the state of Florida broker in town and going to Disney World. I went home and I went to the police and the police tape penalties any so sorry. You know why it happened. And because and detection did it in the correct words long.
Carla O: Ago was
Carla O: In Brazil, is he tell you he didn't do it was on the phone. It was a miserable of me yellow in
Carla O: My room.
Richelle Direny: And so he never charges were never Preston, he never got arrested.
Carla O: Life. Correct. Correct laws. The Florida.
Carla O: Well, the detective should have checked out Florida's long before he did what he did he get
Carla O: His name was Tom Doyle director, it did the case.
Carla O: Nabil
Carla O: Averaging
Richelle Direny: Now let me ask you this, and I have to ask because I know you said that because of all the different
Richelle Direny: Now, none of your children are a byproduct of any of these encounters with either your biological or your stepfather. Right.
Carla O: Oh,
No.
Carla O: I didn't kill me.
Richelle Direny: No, no, that's fine. Have you
Richelle Direny: Do you have
Carla O: Yes, I did. Yes, I did not be independent, which means I'm an addict. I come here from New Zealand reason why basically
Carla O: They were called dependent children.
Richelle Direny: Now with. Now, you said that your, your mom. They sold drugs, your mom and your by your adoptive father, they sold drugs.
Richelle Direny: Now, where they attics themselves.
Carla O: I'm talking yak ups FedEx or jogging 2040 pounds and no one at a time when I do my robot and they said
Carla O: I'd like 60 pounds of marijuana in the basement time needed, even though I knew, and I called my mom. I said, Mom, you gotta get rid of stuff in the basement, just trying to be nice to my mom, so they can go to prison and they get rid of the stuff
Carla O: And then we put it somewhere else.
Carla O: It is no late GA stuff in my stuff and never used it in July was working the moms are doing
Richelle Direny: So, your mom is the one that introduced you to it.
Carla O: Right.
Carla O: Same with cocaine and crack
Richelle Direny: Your mom introduced
At all.
Carla O: Yes. Okay. Would you say with Denzel. You know, so I brought my life. They put me on ADHD medicine and 17 then I was on bed.
Carla O: Until about 34
Richelle Direny: Were you married
Carla O: 21 years but he ended up with my mother.
Carla O: My husband, my husband.
Carla O: moved in with my mother.
Carla O: It's easy to goosey aided me about what me
Carla O: And my real father that I believe that's why she did it.
Richelle Direny: And so, how long were you married
Carla O: 21 years
Carla O: And you said that you're all my kids.
Carla O: My kids boat one we're all mouse.
Richelle Direny: Oh, all your kids belong to your husband.
Richelle Direny: And I wasn't my one if
Richelle Direny: You say,
You send
Carla O: Me, My first charge on the other ones.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Now, you said that he ended up your husband ended up with your mom.
Carla O: He moved in.
Carla O: Yeah. And then, now my
Carla O: Ex Wife.
Carla O: Now I'm allowed to speak with him.
Carla O: He's
Richelle Direny: you divorce your husband after he ended up with your mom.
Richelle Direny: And then he turned around and left your mom and remarried his ex wife.
Carla O: Was life. Correct.
Carla O: Yep.
Carla O: And now I'm speaking
And now.
Richelle Direny: None of your children. I'm
Carla O: Lived with him or. Yes, yes.
Carla O: I have contacted my oldest son right now. Justin Edwards. It's my maiden name.
Carla O: But he
Carla O: Did name and he really changed back to my
Carla O: Band his brother, I tell you, this will go on to
Carla O: Him and his brother were adopted together. Well, there's one big the parents have adapted that began definitely constitute milder some like
Carla O: Very close. Okay. And the thing is,
Carla O: Is Justin. Justin and most of my older son inside yourself a little prison threatening.
Carla O: Threatening my cousin outside to get my items wer yeah to keep doing this Muslim they had
Carla O: Issues purges I was in a room when I left my stuff there. And I'm going to draw out by 12 so I'm going to stay on the phone with you but I gotta get my shoes and then go in the car okay to I can pick up my items right now, we keep on asking me questions, but
Richelle Direny: Like you said, the one I want my stuff out.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I got
Carla O: Time to close close confluence things yet we're still in the room. I could be in the car yesterday.
Carla O: To my cousin's outside, give me a ride to go do that for the drama it out before 12
Richelle Direny: He said, No. The first one is now your siblings. Do they are they active users.
Carla O: Know that it off night. Yes. My oldest was no one
Richelle Direny: No, no, your sibling is your brother older brothers.
Carla O: nodding off. Nope. To use it off.
Carla O: Turn on ma'am. I'm trying to get my sub sub book now you're gonna see me get to know my cousin's car cuz I gotta go up to the room, we get this off, but come on give
Richelle Direny: Me because we have to try to wrap it up really quickly. Now let me ask you this. Did you
Richelle Direny: Have you ever had any
Richelle Direny: Thoughts as gray.
Carla O: Glen like
Richelle Direny: You have a history of overdose or attempted suicide.
Richelle Direny: And the pastor, Carl.
Carla O: Had yes, no, no, no, shows like to oldies five months ago.
Carla O: Yeah, I was in deal 90 days ago, I used twice it so 22 Narcos during neglectful last time.
Carla O: Yes, before I started choices. Then I served choices she ran out of classes in this manner and the new
Carla O: Tool.
Carla O: To abuse.
Carla O: What
Carla O: I'm walking outside. I gotta go to this room when my cousin. Glad you can ask me anything you want from me. It's my cousin.
Carla O: More take it, you can't see any GM on the phone, my counselor video
Richelle Direny: Can you don't have your headset.
Carla O: Okay wait a few minutes. Please go ahead. Do you have any extra ones and those man. Do you know how I can get an extra mask somewhere.
Carla O: Everybody's wearing on when I don't have one.
Carla O: And maybe at the hash.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to let you can ask your cousin, you can ask your cousin, where he got them.
Carla O: No more. You hit years. What are the better malaria and Alex for $1
Carla O: Store. We're going to the store.
Richelle Direny: Do you
Richelle Direny: Do you have headset that you can put on
Carla O: I do that.
Carla O: I do not. But it's okay you he knows my whole gases free. He knows everything about my dad, my mother every
Carla O: Now, and he's my cousin, my cousin to Amy's okay
Richelle Direny: Okay, um. Now, you said that you've had the oldies now.
Richelle Direny: No recent attempt to suicide. No.
Carla O: Wait a minute, real quick. Do I need my teeth do paid work me right the second and the numbers and my
Carla O: Report number and all that on me.
You
Carla O: Know you can add that for the director motors have as many
Richelle Direny: If they do need it they'll call you.
Carla O: Know you're needed right now.
Richelle Direny: I know I won't. But if they need it, they will give you a call. I will tell them to call you at some point today, they will call you to let you know.
Carla O: Okay. Hi, glad
Carla O: Glad ahead now.
Richelle Direny: Now, I was asking, um, you have you had any recent thought of suicide or attempt, I
Carla O: Know,
Richelle Direny: And I'm not. Were you born and raised in Ohio.
Carla O: I was
Carla O: And Euclid.
Richelle Direny: Now you were telling
Me.
Carla O: I was born and raised in East Lake, Ohio.
Carla O: cattlemen adverse
Carla O: Effects like after
Richelle Direny: You were telling me that none of your children that you are aware of has any history of you.
Carla O: Know addictions know except my oldest one smoking bad
Carla O: Feeling cocaine you every now and then.
Carla O: Americans do not
Carla O: They don't
Richelle Direny: And you said all six living children were adopted.
Carla O: Right for voice long Girl Yes, five
Carla O: For stillborn nine all together.
Carla O: That one is gears three stillborn I till
Richelle Direny: till five living children.
Carla O: Live living children, three still born in one miscarriage if we're
Richelle Direny: Okay. And how old are the five children.
Carla O: To go there between
Carla O: 18 and 30
Carla O: Jackie.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: That's fine.
Richelle Direny: That's fine. This is what I'm
Carla O: Glad
Richelle Direny: This is what I'm going to do I'm Carla, I have you on my calendar for next. The 19th, which I believe is next Tuesday. Hold on.
Richelle Direny: Yes, you're on my calendar for next Tuesday. What the care coordinators, they're going to call you.
Richelle Direny: To, you know, to
Richelle Direny: Be able to talk to you about getting medication refills, or things of that nature. Okay.
Right.
Carla O: Okay, so the question.
Richelle Direny: Sure.
Carla O: Okay, now I got range. I called lifeline.
Carla O: People they give you up to $700 to move somewhere.
Carla O: Towards right
Carla O: Now I get
Carla O: About 400 well they'll pay some of it, and I have to be the remainder with my check. I got
Carla O: To move into my own
Carla O: Identity. This is jailer. He's gonna let me allow him back in there but master continuance until I get my check
Richelle Direny: Okay well i don't i mean
Richelle Direny: I know that didn't. The, the, you've gotten some information from the local
Richelle Direny: And from the crisis line, a new resources for places to live. Did they not
Know,
Carla O: And really I need to go to legal aid and I have to go to fair housing, my son, he legally keep me out of my car is now.
Carla O: And he put my stuff in your money. My, my money. Cash my credit card and wasn't supposed to hang on one sec.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Carla. Carla, listen.
Richelle Direny: Run, because I have to get into another meeting now. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So I'm going to have the the care coordination, the team I'm to give you a call. Okay.
Carla O: About how long
Richelle Direny: I don't know, maybe they'll try to give you a call today.
Carla O: Baby, please don't let me use again please give me my dad. Listen, can you
Richelle Direny: Listen, it's, you know, at the end, you know, listen, Carla, you're saying that, please don't let you use. I mean you we can be here to help you. But when it's all, it's your choice. It's a choice. I've
Richelle Direny: done nothing in four days. I understand that. And I'm very happy that you haven't done anything in four days.
Richelle Direny: But you're saying I can't, I'm not
Richelle Direny: Letting you do anything. I mean, it's a choice that you can you she is the diagonal Vlad and
Richelle Direny: It's going to be there call I'll let them know that I meet with I met with you, but it's going to be there call can have you ever been impatient or have you ever gone in patient
Carla O: I don't want information.
Carla O: I oh my
Carla O: God. Oh wait, has gone to hell.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Well, I'll send the message to them and then I'll let you know. Okay.
Richelle Direny: They will let you know.
Carla O: Please.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem.
All right.